radio_bassists.md, before:

# Bassists

*"We need bass, more bass!"* - [Davie504](https://www.youtube.com/user/Davie504).

One of our members is a bass player himself, so **BASS**!

Here's a radio where we gathered the best and all the Bass players projects we found on Spotify. Did we miss someone? [Let us know!](https://github.com/RadioNinjaPirata/commentsENG/issues/new)

{% include spotifyPlaylist.html id="4qmnYRwFIllMCBWDZp0oww" %}

<br>

# Features Artists:

1. Ace Livingston
1. Adam Nitti
1. Al Turner
1. Alain Caron
1. Andre Berry
1. Andy Salvanos
1. Aram Bedrosian
1. Bernhard Lackner
1. Bill Clements
1. Billy Sheehan
1. Brett Garsed
1. Brian Bromberg
1. Byron Miller
1. Charles Glenn
1. Charlie Moreno
1. Christian Mcbride
1. Chyco Siméon
1. Couple Coffee
1. Cristiano Parato
1. David Dyson
1. Davie504
1. Distant Fires Burning
1. Doug Johns
1. Evan Brewer
1. Fuji Fujimoto
1. Gary Willis
1. Jaco Pastorius
1. Janek Gwizdala
1. Japhlet Bire Attias
1. Jeff Berlin
1. Jeff Schmidt
1. Jermaine Morgan
1. Jo Sallins
1. John Patitucci
1. Kai Eckhardt
1. Larry Tuttle
1. Lp Septet
1. Marcus Miller
1. Mark Egan
1. Melvin Lee Davis
1. Michael Manring
1. Norm Stockton
1. Ray Riendeau
1. Redtenbacher'S Funkestra
1. Rodrigo Serrao
1. Rothko
1. Rozzano Zamorano
1. Scott Kungha Drengsen
1. Simon Little
1. Stanley Clarke
1. Steve Bailey
1. Stevie Williams
1. Tal Wilkenfeld
1. Tommy Loose
1. Vail Johnson
1. Victor Bailey
1. Victor Wooten
1. Yves Carbonne

Commit message:

added direct link to spotify

radio_bassists.md, after:

# Bassists

*"We need bass, more bass!"* - [Davie504](https://www.youtube.com/user/Davie504).

One of our members is a bass player himself, so **BASS**!

Here's a radio where we gathered the best and all the Bass players projects we found on Spotify. Did we miss someone? [Let us know!](https://github.com/RadioNinjaPirata/commentsENG/issues/new)

Listen bellow or [click to the direct link for Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4qmnYRwFIllMCBWDZp0oww?si=v6OqlVOTRhiXJMtis_0oWw)! :notes:

{% include spotifyPlaylist.html id="4qmnYRwFIllMCBWDZp0oww" %}

<br>

# Features Artists:

1. Ace Livingston
1. Adam Nitti
1. Al Turner
1. Alain Caron
1. Andre Berry
1. Andy Salvanos
1. Aram Bedrosian
1. Bernhard Lackner
1. Bill Clements
1. Billy Sheehan
1. Brett Garsed
1. Brian Bromberg
1. Byron Miller
1. Charles Glenn
1. Charlie Moreno
1. Christian Mcbride
1. Chyco Siméon
1. Couple Coffee
1. Cristiano Parato
1. David Dyson
1. Davie504
1. Distant Fires Burning
1. Doug Johns
1. Evan Brewer
1. Fuji Fujimoto
1. Gary Willis
1. Jaco Pastorius
1. Janek Gwizdala
1. Japhlet Bire Attias
1. Jeff Berlin
1. Jeff Schmidt
1. Jermaine Morgan
1. Jo Sallins
1. John Patitucci
1. Kai Eckhardt
1. Larry Tuttle
1. Lp Septet
1. Marcus Miller
1. Mark Egan
1. Melvin Lee Davis
1. Michael Manring
1. Norm Stockton
1. Ray Riendeau
1. Redtenbacher'S Funkestra
1. Rodrigo Serrao
1. Rothko
1. Rozzano Zamorano
1. Scott Kungha Drengsen
1. Simon Little
1. Stanley Clarke
1. Steve Bailey
1. Stevie Williams
1. Tal Wilkenfeld
1. Tommy Loose
1. Vail Johnson
1. Victor Bailey
1. Victor Wooten
1. Yves Carbonne
